I offer these drawings to draw attention to the most critical dimensions, give some idea of tolerances that are reasonable (everything is pretty loose and clearances etc are included in the cad model so direct manufacture from cad data should be fine with basic methods, nothing fancy needed), and to make things a little more convenient when considering the parts in isolation.  The drawings can be printed and used to describe the parts in the real world for instance.

I am well aware that tolerances are a bit of an art and it's easy to overspecify, for the most part most of the dimensions really aren't very strict and 40 microns all the way across the part is by no means needed, you have to use your judgement, things may change anyway and it would make no sense to specify tolerances in great detail. Obviously the shaft has to be about right.  The drawings for the bearing are not present as the bearing is specified elsewhere adequately, in the BOM.

The bearing seal should not touch the rotating parts, unless it does not make noise, I haven't tried rubber seals, only metal sealed ones.  The tapered spacer thing is used to prevent anything touching the outer race while rotating.

This would also be too cluttered as the cad file is always there if you need more information.

Probably the parts will warp due to molding in all kinds of ways and we won't even notice.

However the blades have to not be too warped, and above all they cannot interfere and touch anything else during rotation, of course.  This includes in horizontal orientation.

There is a small rim around the primary, which can be trimmed off, or the mold modified relatively easily with epoxy, to adjust the size of that rim or to remove it. This is the compromise I came up with to make the manufacture of the primary easier, while also allowing horizontal operation and some flexibility in tolerances during manufacture, the alternative being to leave excessive clearance (which entails leakage, reducing performance), or specify tight tolerances.

All parts can be injection molded OR 3d printed, I believe, usually without support material, in the right orientation.  